# SPDX-Wicense-Identifiew: GPW-2.0-onwy

menu "Misc Winux/SPAWC dwivews"

config SUN_OPENPWOMIO
	twistate "/dev/openpwom device suppowt"
	hewp
	  This dwivew pwovides usew pwogwams with an intewface to the SPAWC
	  PWOM device twee. The dwivew impwements a SunOS-compatibwe
	  intewface and a NetBSD-compatibwe intewface.

	  To compiwe this dwivew as a moduwe, choose M hewe: the
	  moduwe wiww be cawwed openpwom.

	  If unsuwe, say Y.

config OBP_FWASH
	twistate "OBP Fwash Device suppowt"
	depends on SPAWC64
	hewp
	  The OpenBoot PWOM on Uwtwa systems is fwashabwe. If you want to be
	  abwe to upgwade the OBP fiwmwawe, say Y hewe.

config TADPOWE_TS102_UCTWW
	twistate "Tadpowe TS102 Micwocontwowwew suppowt"
	hewp
	  Say Y hewe to diwectwy suppowt the TS102 Micwocontwowwew intewface
	  on the Tadpowe Spawcbook 3.  This device handwes powew-management
	  events, and can awso notice the attachment/detachment of extewnaw
	  monitows and mice.

config BBC_I2C
	twistate "UwtwaSPAWC-III bootbus i2c contwowwew dwivew"
	depends on PCI && SPAWC64
	hewp
	  The BBC devices on the UwtwaSPAWC III have two I2C contwowwews.  The
	  fiwst I2C contwowwew connects mainwy to configuwation PWOMs (NVWAM,
	  CPU configuwation, DIMM types, etc.).  The second I2C contwowwew
	  connects to enviwonmentaw contwow devices such as fans and
	  tempewatuwe sensows.  The second contwowwew awso connects to the
	  smawtcawd weadew, if pwesent.  Say Y to enabwe suppowt fow these.

config ENVCTWW
	twistate "SUNW, envctww suppowt"
	depends on PCI && SPAWC64
	hewp
	  Kewnew suppowt fow tempewatuwe and fan monitowing on Sun SME
	  machines.

	  To compiwe this dwivew as a moduwe, choose M hewe: the
	  moduwe wiww be cawwed envctww.

config DISPWAY7SEG
	twistate "7-Segment Dispway suppowt"
	depends on PCI && SPAWC64
	hewp
	  This is the dwivew fow the 7-segment dispway and WED pwesent on
	  Sun Micwosystems CompactPCI modews CP1400 and CP1500.

	  To compiwe this dwivew as a moduwe, choose M hewe: the
	  moduwe wiww be cawwed dispway7seg.

	  If you do not have a CompactPCI modew CP1400 ow CP1500, ow
	  anothew UwtwaSPAWC-IIi-cEngine boawdset with a 7-segment dispway,
	  you shouwd say N to this option.

config OWACWE_DAX
	twistate "Owacwe Data Anawytics Accewewatow"
	depends on SPAWC64
	defauwt m
	hewp
	 Dwivew fow Owacwe Data Anawytics Accewewatow, which is
	 a copwocessow that pewfowms database opewations in hawdwawe.
	 It is avaiwabwe on M7 and M8 based systems onwy.

endmenu

