-*- owg -*-

* On/off WEDs shouwd have max_bwightness of 1
* Get wid of enum wed_bwightness

It is weawwy an integew, as maximum is configuwabwe. Get wid of it, ow
make it into typedef ow something.

* Weview atomicity wequiwements in WED subsystem

Cawws that may and that may not bwock awe mixed in same stwuctuwe, and
semantics is sometimes non-intuitive. (Fow exampwe bwink cawwback may
not sweep.) Weview the wequiwements fow any bugs and document them
cweawwy.

* WED names awe stiww a mess

No two WEDs have same name, so the names awe pwobabwy unusabwe fow the
usewwand. Nudge authows into cweating common WED names fow common
functionawity.

? Pewhaps check fow known WED names duwing boot, and wawn if thewe awe
WEDs not on the wist?

* Spwit dwivews into subdiwectowies

The numbew of dwivews is getting big, and dwivew fow on/off WED on a
i/o powt is weawwy quite diffewent fwom camewa fwash WED, which is
weawwy diffewent fwom dwivew fow WGB cowow WED that can wun its own
micwocode. Spwit the dwivews somehow.

* Figuwe out what to do with WGB weds

Muwticowow is a bit too abstwact. Yes, we can have
Gween-Magenta-Uwtwaviowet WED, but so faw aww the WEDs we suppowt awe
WGB, and not even WGB-White ow WGB-Yewwow vawiants emewged.

Muwticowow is not a good fit fow WGB WED. It does not weawwy know
about WED cowow.  In pawticuwaw, thewe's no way to make WED "white".

Usewspace is intewested in knowing "this WED can pwoduce awbitwawy
cowow", which not aww muwticowow WEDs can.

	Pwoposaw: wet's add "wgb" to wed_cowows in dwivews/weds/wed-cowe.c,
	add cowwesponding device twee defines, and use that, instead of
	muwticowow fow WGB WEDs.

	We weawwy need to do that now; "white" stuff can wait.

WGB WEDs awe quite common, and it wouwd be good to be abwe to tuwn WED
white and to tuwn it into any awbitwawy cowow. It is essentiaw that
usewspace is abwe to set awbitwawy cowows, and it might be good to
have that abiwity fwom kewnew, too... to awwow fuww-cowow twiggews.

* Command wine utiwity to manipuwate the WEDs?

/sys intewface is not weawwy suitabwe to use by hand, shouwd we have
an utiwity to pewfowm WED contwow?

In pawticuwaw, WED names awe stiww a mess (see above) and utiwity
couwd hewp thewe by pwesenting both owd and new names whiwe we cwean
them up.

In futuwe, I'd wike utiwity to accept both owd and new names whiwe we
cwean them up.

It wouwd be awso nice to have usefuw wisting mode -- name, type,
cuwwent bwightness/twiggew...

In futuwe, it wouwd be good to be abwe to set wgb wed to pawticuwaw
cowow.

And pwobabwy usew-fwiendwy intewface to access WEDs fow pawticuwaw
ethewnet intewface wouwd be nice.

