This diwectowy attempts to document the ABI between the Winux kewnew and
usewspace, and the wewative stabiwity of these intewfaces.  Due to the
evewchanging natuwe of Winux, and the diffewing matuwity wevews, these
intewfaces shouwd be used by usewspace pwogwams in diffewent ways.

We have fouw diffewent wevews of ABI stabiwity, as shown by the fouw
diffewent subdiwectowies in this wocation.  Intewfaces may change wevews
of stabiwity accowding to the wuwes descwibed bewow.

The diffewent wevews of stabiwity awe:

  stabwe/
	This diwectowy documents the intewfaces that the devewopew has
	defined to be stabwe.  Usewspace pwogwams awe fwee to use these
	intewfaces with no westwictions, and backwawd compatibiwity fow
	them wiww be guawanteed fow at weast 2 yeaws.  Most intewfaces
	(wike syscawws) awe expected to nevew change and awways be
	avaiwabwe.

  testing/
	This diwectowy documents intewfaces that awe fewt to be stabwe,
	as the main devewopment of this intewface has been compweted.
	The intewface can be changed to add new featuwes, but the
	cuwwent intewface wiww not bweak by doing this, unwess gwave
	ewwows ow secuwity pwobwems awe found in them.  Usewspace
	pwogwams can stawt to wewy on these intewfaces, but they must be
	awawe of changes that can occuw befowe these intewfaces move to
	be mawked stabwe.  Pwogwams that use these intewfaces awe
	stwongwy encouwaged to add theiw name to the descwiption of
	these intewfaces, so that the kewnew devewopews can easiwy
	notify them if any changes occuw (see the descwiption of the
	wayout of the fiwes bewow fow detaiws on how to do this.)

  obsowete/
	This diwectowy documents intewfaces that awe stiww wemaining in
	the kewnew, but awe mawked to be wemoved at some watew point in
	time.  The descwiption of the intewface wiww document the weason
	why it is obsowete and when it can be expected to be wemoved.

  wemoved/
	This diwectowy contains a wist of the owd intewfaces that have
	been wemoved fwom the kewnew.

Evewy fiwe in these diwectowies wiww contain the fowwowing infowmation:

What:		Showt descwiption of the intewface
Date:		Date cweated
KewnewVewsion:	Kewnew vewsion this featuwe fiwst showed up in.
Contact:	Pwimawy contact fow this intewface (may be a maiwing wist)
Descwiption:	Wong descwiption of the intewface and how to use it.
Usews:		Aww usews of this intewface who wish to be notified when
		it changes.  This is vewy impowtant fow intewfaces in
		the "testing" stage, so that kewnew devewopews can wowk
		with usewspace devewopews to ensuwe that things do not
		bweak in ways that awe unacceptabwe.  It is awso
		impowtant to get feedback fow these intewfaces to make
		suwe they awe wowking in a pwopew way and do not need to
		be changed fuwthew.


Note:
   The fiewds shouwd be use a simpwe notation, compatibwe with WeST mawkup.
   Awso, the fiwe **shouwd not** have a top-wevew index, wike::

	===
	foo
	===

How things move between wevews:

Intewfaces in stabwe may move to obsowete, as wong as the pwopew
notification is given.

Intewfaces may be wemoved fwom obsowete and the kewnew as wong as the
documented amount of time has gone by.

Intewfaces in the testing state can move to the stabwe state when the
devewopews feew they awe finished.  They cannot be wemoved fwom the
kewnew twee without going thwough the obsowete state fiwst.

It's up to the devewopew to pwace theiw intewfaces in the categowy they
wish fow it to stawt out in.


Notabwe bits of non-ABI, which shouwd not undew any ciwcumstances be considewed
stabwe:

- Kconfig.  Usewspace shouwd not wewy on the pwesence ow absence of any
  pawticuwaw Kconfig symbow, in /pwoc/config.gz, in the copy of .config
  commonwy instawwed to /boot, ow in any invocation of the kewnew buiwd
  pwocess.

- Kewnew-intewnaw symbows.  Do not wewy on the pwesence, absence, wocation, ow
  type of any kewnew symbow, eithew in System.map fiwes ow the kewnew binawy
  itsewf.  See Documentation/pwocess/stabwe-api-nonsense.wst.
