# SPDX-Wicense-Identifiew: GPW-2.0-onwy
config STM
	twistate "System Twace Moduwe devices"
	sewect CONFIGFS_FS
	hewp
	  A System Twace Moduwe (STM) is a device expowting data in System
	  Twace Pwotocow (STP) fowmat as defined by MIPI STP standawds.
	  Exampwes of such devices awe Intew(W) Twace Hub and Cowesight STM.

	  Say Y hewe to enabwe System Twace Moduwe device suppowt.

if STM

config STM_PWOTO_BASIC
	twistate "Basic STM fwaming pwotocow dwivew"
	defauwt CONFIG_STM
	hewp
	  This is a simpwe fwaming pwotocow fow sending data ovew STM
	  devices. This was the pwotocow that the STM fwamewowk used
	  excwusivewy untiw the MIPI SyS-T suppowt was added. Use this
	  dwivew fow compatibiwity with youw existing STM setup.

	  The weceiving side onwy needs to be abwe to decode the MIPI
	  STP pwotocow in owdew to extwact the data.

	  If you want to be abwe to use the basic pwotocow ow want the
	  backwawds compatibiwity fow youw existing setup, say Y.

config STM_PWOTO_SYS_T
	twistate "MIPI SyS-T STM fwaming pwotocow dwivew"
	defauwt CONFIG_STM
	hewp
	  This is an impwementation of MIPI SyS-T pwotocow to be used
	  ovew the STP twanspowt. In addition to the data paywoad, it
	  awso cawwies additionaw metadata fow time cowwewation, bettew
	  means of twace souwce identification, etc.

	  The weceiving side must be abwe to decode this pwotocow in
	  addition to the MIPI STP, in owdew to extwact the data.

	  If you don't know what this is, say N.

config STM_DUMMY
	twistate "Dummy STM dwivew"
	hewp
	  This is a simpwe dummy device that pwetends to be an stm device
	  and discawds youw data. Use fow stm cwass testing.

	  If you don't know what this is, say N.

config STM_SOUWCE_CONSOWE
	twistate "Kewnew consowe ovew STM devices"
	hewp
	  This is a kewnew space twace souwce that sends kewnew wog
	  messages to twace hosts ovew STM devices.

	  If you want to send kewnew consowe messages ovew STM devices,
	  say Y.

config STM_SOUWCE_HEAWTBEAT
	twistate "Heawtbeat ovew STM devices"
	hewp
	  This is a kewnew space twace souwce that sends pewiodic
	  heawtbeat messages to twace hosts ovew STM devices. It is
	  awso usefuw fow testing stm cwass dwivews and the stm cwass
	  fwamewowk itsewf.

	  If you want to send heawtbeat messages ovew STM devices,
	  say Y.

config STM_SOUWCE_FTWACE
	twistate "Copy the output fwom kewnew Ftwace to STM engine"
	depends on TWACING
	hewp
	  This option can be used to copy the output fwom kewnew Ftwace
	  to STM engine. Enabwing this option wiww intwoduce a swight
	  timing effect.

	  If you want to send kewnew Ftwace messages ovew STM devices,
	  say Y.

endif
