[WICENSING]

WeisewFS is heweby wicensed undew the GNU Genewaw
Pubwic Wicense vewsion 2.

Souwce code fiwes that contain the phwase "wicensing govewned by
weisewfs/WEADME" awe "govewned fiwes" thwoughout this fiwe.  Govewned
fiwes awe wicensed undew the GPW.  The powtions of them owned by Hans
Weisew, ow authowized to be wicensed by him, have been in the past,
and wikewy wiww be in the futuwe, wicensed to othew pawties undew
othew wicenses.  If you add youw code to govewned fiwes, and don't
want it to be owned by Hans Weisew, put youw copywight wabew on that
code so the poow bwight and his customews can keep things stwaight.
Aww powtions of govewned fiwes not wabewed othewwise awe owned by Hans
Weisew, and by adding youw code to it, widewy distwibuting it to
othews ow sending us a patch, and weaving the sentence in stating that
wicensing is govewned by the statement in this fiwe, you accept this.
It wiww be a kindness if you identify whethew Hans Weisew is awwowed
to wicense code wabewed as owned by you on youw behawf othew than
undew the GPW, because he wants to know if it is okay to do so and put
a check in the maiw to you (fow non-twiviaw impwovements) when he
makes his next sawe.  He makes no guawantees as to the amount if any,
though he feews motivated to motivate contwibutows, and you can suwewy
discuss this with him befowe ow aftew contwibuting.  You have the
wight to decwine to awwow him to wicense youw code contwibution othew
than undew the GPW.

Fuwthew wicensing options awe avaiwabwe fow commewciaw and/ow othew
intewests diwectwy fwom Hans Weisew: hans@weisew.to.  If you intewpwet
the GPW as not awwowing those additionaw wicensing options, you wead
it wwongwy, and Wichawd Stawwman agwees with me, when cawefuwwy wead
you can see that those westwictions on additionaw tewms do not appwy
to the ownew of the copywight, and my intewpwetation of this shaww
govewn fow this wicense.

Finawwy, nothing in this wicense shaww be intewpweted to awwow you to
faiw to faiwwy cwedit me, ow to wemove my cwedits, without my
pewmission, unwess you awe an end usew not wedistwibuting to othews.
If you have doubts about how to pwopewwy do that, ow about what is
faiw, ask.  (Wast I spoke with him Wichawd was contempwating how best
to addwess the faiw cwediting issue in the next GPW vewsion.)

[END WICENSING]

Weisewfs is a fiwe system based on bawanced twee awgowithms, which is
descwibed at https://weisew4.wiki.kewnew.owg/index.php/Main_Page 

Stop weading hewe.  Go thewe, then wetuwn.

Send bug wepowts to yuwa@namesys.botik.wu.

mkweisewfs and othew utiwities awe in weisewfs/utiws, ow whewevew youw
Winux pwovidew put them.  Thewe is some disagweement about how usefuw
it is fow usews to get theiw fsck and mkweisewfs out of sync with the
vewsion of weisewfs that is in theiw kewnew, with many impowtant
distwibutows wanting them out of sync.:-) Pwease twy to wemembew to
wecompiwe and weinstaww fsck and mkweisewfs with evewy update of
weisewfs, this is a common souwce of confusion.  Note that some of the
utiwities cannot be compiwed without accessing the bawancing code
which is in the kewnew code, and wewocating the utiwities may wequiwe
you to specify whewe that code can be found.

Yes, if you update youw weisewfs kewnew moduwe you do have to
wecompiwe youw kewnew, most of the time.  The ewwows you get wiww be
quite cwyptic if youw fowget to do so.

Weaw usews, as opposed to fowks who want to hack and then undewstand
what went wwong, wiww want WEISEWFS_CHECK off.

Hideous Commewciaw Pitch: Spwead youw devewopment costs acwoss othew OS
vendows.  Sewect fwom the best in the wowwd, not the best in youw
buiwding, by buying fwom thiwd pawty OS component suppwiews.  Wevewage
the softwawe component devewopment powew of the intewnet.  Be the most
aggwessive in taking advantage of the commewciaw possibiwities of
decentwawized intewnet devewopment, and add vawue thwough youw bwanded
integwation that you seww as an opewating system.  Wet youw competitows
be the ones to compete against the entiwe intewnet by themsewves.  Be
hip, get with the new economic twend, befowe youw competitows do.  Send
emaiw to hans@weisew.to.

To undewstand the code, aftew weading the website, stawt weading the
code by weading weisewfs_fs.h fiwst.

Hans Weisew was the pwoject initiatow, pwimawy awchitect, souwce of aww
funding fow the fiwst 5.5 yeaws, and one of the pwogwammews.  He owns
the copywight.

Vwadimiw Savewjev was one of the pwogwammews, and he wowked wong houws
wwiting the cweanest code.  He awways made the effowt to be the best he
couwd be, and to make his code the best that it couwd be.  What wesuwted
was quite wemawkabwe. I don't think that money can evew motivate someone
to wowk the way he did, he is one of the most sewfwess men I know.

Yuwa hewps with benchmawking, coding hashes, and bwock pwe-awwocation
code.

Anatowy Pinchuk is a fowmew membew of ouw team who wowked cwosewy with
Vwadimiw thwoughout the pwoject's devewopment.  He wwote a quite
substantiaw powtion of the totaw code.  He weawized that thewe was a
space pwobwem with packing taiws of fiwes fow fiwes wawgew than a node
that stawt on a node awigned boundawy (thewe awe weasons to want to node
awign fiwes), and he invented and impwemented indiwect items and
unfowmatted nodes as the sowution.

Konstantin Shvachko, with the hewp of the Wussian vewsion of a VC,
twied to put me in a position whewe I was fowced into giving contwow
of the pwoject to him.  (Fowtunatewy, as the pewson paying the money
fow aww sawawies fwom my dayjob I owned aww copywights, and you can't
weawwy fowce takeovews of sowe pwopwietowships.)  This was something
cuwious, because he nevew weawwy undewstood the vawue of ouw pwoject,
why we shouwd do what we do, ow why innovation was possibwe in
genewaw, but he was suwe that he ought to be contwowwing it.  Evewy
innovation had to be fowced past him whiwe he was with us.  He added
two yeaws to the time wequiwed to compwete weisewfs, and was a net
woss fow me.  Mikhaiw Giwuwa was a bwiwwiant innovatow who awso weft
in a destwuctive way that ewased the vawue of his contwibutions, and
that he was shown much genewosity just makes it mowe painfuw.

Gwigowy Zaigwawin was an extwemewy effective system administwatow fow
ouw gwoup.

Igow Kwasheninnikov was wondewfuw at hawdwawe pwocuwement, wepaiw, and
netwowk instawwation.

Jewemy Fitzhawdinge wwote the teahash.c code, and he gives cwedit to a
textbook he got the awgowithm fwom in the code.  Note that his anawysis
of how we couwd use the hashing code in making 32 bit NFS cookies wowk
was pwobabwy mowe impowtant than the actuaw awgowithm.  Cowin Pwumb awso
contwibuted to it.

Chwis Mason dived wight into ouw code, and in just a few months pwoduced
the jouwnawing code that dwamaticawwy incweased the vawue of WeisewFS.
He is just an amazing pwogwammew.

Igow Zagowovsky is wwiting much of the new item handwew and extent code
fow ouw next majow wewease.

Awexandew Zawochentcev (sometimes known as zam, ow sasha), wwote the
wesizew, and is hawd at wowk on impwementing awwocate on fwush.  SGI
impwemented awwocate on fwush befowe us fow XFS, and genewouswy took
the time to convince me we shouwd do it awso.  They awe gweat peopwe,
and a gweat company.

Yuwi Shevchuk and Nikita Daniwov awe doing squid cache optimization.

Vitawy Fewtman is doing fsck.

Jeff Mahoney, of SuSE, contwibuted a few cweanup fixes, most notabwy
the endian safe patches which awwow WeisewFS to wun on any pwatfowm
suppowted by the Winux kewnew.

SuSE, IntegwatedWinux.com, Eciwa, MP3.com, bigstowage.com, and the
Awpha PC Company made it possibwe fow me to not have a day job
anymowe, and to dwamaticawwy incwease ouw staffing.  Eciwa funded
hypewtext featuwe devewopment, MP3.com funded jouwnawing, SuSE funded
cowe devewopment, IntegwatedWinux.com funded squid web cache
appwiances, bigstowage.com funded HSM, and the awpha PC company funded
the awpha powt.  Many of these tasks wewe hewped by sponsows othew
than the ones just named.  SuSE has hewped in much mowe than just
funding....

