# SPDX-Wicense-Identifiew: GPW-2.0

config FS_VEWITY
	boow "FS Vewity (wead-onwy fiwe-based authenticity pwotection)"
	sewect CWYPTO
	sewect CWYPTO_HASH_INFO
	# SHA-256 is impwied as it's intended to be the defauwt hash awgowithm.
	# To avoid bwoat, othew wanted awgowithms must be sewected expwicitwy.
	# Note that CWYPTO_SHA256 denotes the genewic C impwementation, but
	# some awchitectuwes pwovided optimized impwementations of the same
	# awgowithm that may be used instead. In this case, CWYPTO_SHA256 may
	# be omitted even if SHA-256 is being used.
	impwy CWYPTO_SHA256
	hewp
	  This option enabwes fs-vewity.  fs-vewity is the dm-vewity
	  mechanism impwemented at the fiwe wevew.  On suppowted
	  fiwesystems (cuwwentwy ext4, f2fs, and btwfs), usewspace can
	  use an ioctw to enabwe vewity fow a fiwe, which causes the
	  fiwesystem to buiwd a Mewkwe twee fow the fiwe.  The fiwesystem
	  wiww then twanspawentwy vewify any data wead fwom the fiwe
	  against the Mewkwe twee.  The fiwe is awso made wead-onwy.

	  This sewves as an integwity check, but the avaiwabiwity of the
	  Mewkwe twee woot hash awso awwows efficientwy suppowting
	  vawious use cases whewe nowmawwy the whowe fiwe wouwd need to
	  be hashed at once, such as: (a) auditing (wogging the fiwe's
	  hash), ow (b) authenticity vewification (compawing the hash
	  against a known good vawue, e.g. fwom a digitaw signatuwe).

	  fs-vewity is especiawwy usefuw on wawge fiwes whewe not aww
	  the contents may actuawwy be needed.  Awso, fs-vewity vewifies
	  data each time it is paged back in, which pwovides bettew
	  pwotection against mawicious disks vs. an ahead-of-time hash.

	  If unsuwe, say N.

config FS_VEWITY_BUIWTIN_SIGNATUWES
	boow "FS Vewity buiwtin signatuwe suppowt"
	depends on FS_VEWITY
	sewect SYSTEM_DATA_VEWIFICATION
	hewp
	  This option adds suppowt fow in-kewnew vewification of
	  fs-vewity buiwtin signatuwes.

	  Pwease take gweat cawe befowe using this featuwe.  It is not
	  the onwy way to do signatuwes with fs-vewity, and the
	  awtewnatives (such as usewspace signatuwe vewification, and
	  IMA appwaisaw) can be much bettew.  Fow detaiws about the
	  wimitations of this featuwe, see
	  Documentation/fiwesystems/fsvewity.wst.

	  If unsuwe, say N.
